Update ai_item_recommendations.md (#7646)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/sage_ai/recommendations/ai_item_recommendations.md

| Area                   | Free version                          | Pro version             |
| :---------------------- | ------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------- |

> | Item update frequency<sup>1</sup>   | Weekly                                | Daily                                    |

Reviewer: i would recommend calling this `User update frequency`.  i think that clearly conveys that the most popular information isn't updated, but also helps clarify more specifically that we'll take into account new user event information (which implies AI Personalized and Most Recent being adjusted)

Reviewer 2: Ah, I missed this feedback. Thanks for reviewing @BrandonBrowning! Will make that change.

> | Item update frequency<sup>1</sup>   | Weekly                                | Daily                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| User update frequency<sup>1</sup>   | Weekly                                | Daily                                    |
```

| Model retraining frequency  | Monthly                               | Monthly                                   |
| Maximum recommendations | 1 recommendation per type<sup>1</sup> | 100 recommendations per type<sup>2</sup> |

> <sup>1. This is the frequency that user-specific item recommendations are updated. For example, if a user purchases an item, then it will be used to update their recommendations in the next 'Item update' process</sup>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<sup>1. This is the frequency at which user-specific item recommendations are updated (all models except Most Popular items, which updates when the model retrains). For example, if a user purchases an item recommended based on AI item recommendations, their recommended items will be updated according to this frequency</sup>
```
